With the strong blessing of the President of Anda
Turning the tide and turning the world around is only a matter of time
Are you so confident?
What is the reason why I am not confident? Tell me.
I really can't tell
And if I had no humanity
I won't make coffee for you by hand
Except for Mr. An
You are the first person to drink the coffee I made by hand
Then I'm really honored.
This is too bitter. What are you writing to me?
What do you know?
It's called writing poetry.
Mental Oak Mmmm
If I Love You
Just be a kapok next to you
Standing with you as the image of the tree
You have your brass stick and iron cover.
I have my red flowers
As if separated forever
But stay with me forever
How about being impressed by my brother's talent?
I want to bow down under my brother's pomegranate pants
Your pomegranate pants don't have a zipper.
Hey, where are you looking?